feat: [CDS-56689]: Add rancher connector (#598)
harness/terraform-provider-harness: .changelog/598.txt

```release-note:new-resource

> harness_platform_connector_rancher - Added rancher connector in harness terraform provider

Reviewer: (Global suggestion)
```suggestion
harness_platform_connector_rancher - Added a Rancher connector to the Terraform Harness provider.
```
Is it "Harness Terraform provider" or "Terraform Harness provider"? Has Harness created a Terraform provider or has Terraform enabled Harness to create a provider? If we expand to "Harness provider for Terraform", we might get the answer: "Terraform Harness provider" sounds better, so I'm leaning toward the latter. 

For now, we can hold this thought and maybe just use uppercase "H" and "T" globally. Retain the case of "p" in "provider" (should be lowercase). I will do some research and come back on which one is the adjective. 

Rancher is a company/product. Use uppercase. Globally.
